---
title: Introducing Rocky AI to General Availability
url: https://www.checklyhq.com/blog/introducing-rocky-ai
date: '2026-03-04'
author: Dan Giordano
feed_url: https://www.checklyhq.com/rss.xml
---
After months of being available in Beta for our app users, Rocky AI is now generally available to all users and plans. Rocky AI is Checkly’s AI agent that works around the clock, 24/7, to make sure your application’s reliability is optimal. In this first release, Rocky AI ships with the ability to run continual Analysis on test and check failures, giving your teams AI-powered root cause analysis, impact analysis, and more. Since day 1 of the AI craze, Checkly has made it easy to work with your favorite LLMs and coding agents like Claude Code, Cursor, and OpenAI, allowing you to craft and manage your monitoring right from your IDE. Now, we’re bringing that power right into the Checkly workflow with Rocky AI. Root Cause Analysis When a test or monitor fails, Rocky AI analyzes multiple vectors across your application, including logs, traces, and more to understand what exactly caused the failure; and how to best fix it. For large teams with hundreds of monitors across their apps and services, Rocky AI can help engineers understand the context of the check itself, even if they didn’t create it, reducing cognitive overload in the heat of an outage. For individuals and smaller engineering teams, Rocky AI will cut down on hours of back and forth, working to replicate the problem, and other triage works that delay teams from getting a quick fix back in production. User Impact Rocky AI also tries to understand and surface who exactly is impacted during an outage. Are users impacted from logging into the application? Is a core workflow being blocked? Is it a network failure that causes the test to fail, but user impact is actually minimal? Rocky AI can help you get the answers you need, faster than humanly possible, so you can get your application back up and running. Automation For teams with heavy alerting systems, Rocky AI can tap in and automatically send its findings inside any alert, right to your inbox or Slack channel. You'll get highly relevant context to the downtim...
